Clean: draw attention to custom docker image document. (#4722)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/docker-compose.md

* TOC 
{:toc}

The `docker-compose` utility is [pre-installed in the CircleCI convenience

> images][pre-installed] and machine executors. If you arere using another image, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
images]and machine executors. If you are using another image, you
```

Reviewer: Should there be two instances of [preinstalled] in this sentence?

Author: Yeah - the pull request doesn't show it, but there is a markdown link that jekyll compiles in the paragraph below rather than having the link inline :). 

Thanks for catching that typo!
